Hey welcome rain god
Hello. Hello.
Two days ago?
Our hospital is really blind to Mount Tai, haha.
Oh how offensive
How offensive
Today we are both coming to visit
Mainly to apologize to you.
I hope you can forgive me, haha.
Sorry boss
The day before yesterday, I was arrogant
Dogs look down on people
Almost lost a life in vain
Fortunately, it's your wonderful hand that rejuvenates
I apologize for this today
I hope you understand.
Take back the gift.
It's not me you should apologize
It's the patients you do your best to treat
Yes, yes, you said yes.
Who would have thought that the child was the young master next door?
If Master Lin knew what I had done
I'm afraid that ten lives are not enough to pay for it.
Don't be like that day again
The patient has not been given up at the last moment
As a doctor, you should respect life and cherish life
Are you teaching right?
We must keep it in mind
Hey uh yesterday
Liu Lao, the holy hand of Chinese medicine
Entrust me to forward this invitation to you
Uh, his old man's house is in the book city to hold a
Medical Exchange Conference
Just after 3 days
I hope you can come then.
As expected of a banquet held by the Chinese doctor
In this hall?
But all are flat
Big names that can only be seen on TV
Of course, the so-called top giants are all here
And that
We are multinational medical experts in different fields
Invitations to this banquet are hard to come by
That's right, my invitation
Or my sister hooked up with that big shot
Just one more
So I can see.
I heard that there are also the top purple and gold invitations
I don't know how powerful the people who came
Hey, Master Zuo
I heard Mr. Liu
After looking at your company's medical apparatus
full of praise
Your house is going to soar
Where? Where?
Right?
Moreover, Mr. Liu also took a fancy to Miss Zuo's qualifications
Do you want to take him as a disciple?
Hey, it's all luck, it's luck, hahaha.
Hey everyone